for hairstyles we just need
socks yes you heard right
ordinary socks clean of course such a technique
I saw polinarepik polina hi and
Today I will use my video
separates larger strand here is
take sock
and cheat my mom before video like
she learned on a rag, I was still
very very small but for some reason
rag always stayed a bunch of hair
so terribly delayed everything is very simple
but on all head it is required approximately
5-6 socks not more than pervosti
wound up and did not take where he
socks 1512 my head is all just
I walked because it was very
hard so i finished now dressed
bandage
then it looks funny but to me it
I need hair socks do not interfere with me
do makeup and so go to makeup i
I'm going to a party today and I need
rich beautiful makeup that will
underline my eyes
I equalize the tone of the face with a tone
cream and brush kabuki sigma f80
the area under the eyes I brighten
concealer 2 tones lighter colors my
leather
I put concealer on one reddening
the tone is lighter than the color of my skin with a brush
kabuki killing gancia in the skin
but sponge and easy movements tidy up
excess cream from the skin
mandatory rule is to powder the skin
after foundation
correcting the shape of the eyebrow fill the voids
lengthening them with a beveled brush and
compact matte eye shadows
base under the shade so i soon redness on
centuries and makeup will be more intense and
brush resistant brown brown
using the card and i will achieve more
smooth lines put shadows on the outside and
inner corner of the eye
and add brown in
fold of the century
on the shading brush dials
ashy shadows using a card
I put shadows on a mobile eyelid leaving
mid century untouched
I apply silver shadows with a flat brush.
mid-century
ways the result I already like me all
equal to add a little silver
nyx pigment it will create a beautiful
the glow of shadows fold century add
brown shadows on wet beveled
brush on white silver shadows and bring out
straight line from the outer corner of the eye
I draw the outline of the upper eyelid black
Liquid eyeliner and bring the arrow for
outer corner
lower century I'll let you down go for lilac
shadows and also bring the arrow outside
the arrow angle should go below the silver
add lilac pigment to lower eyelid
by nyx
in the inner corner of the eyes add
silver shadows
I unscrew the eyelashes and porridge for cheekbones
i use bonda also add it on
forehead
above the temple and on the chin so face
already looks
I will add revlon highlighter to my cheeks
cheekbones look more voluminous
and the face is healthy and fresh and won
30 minutes socks made light waves
the waves I will fix the varnish
if you wind the hair on 2 or more
hours then you get chic curls
I hope you enjoyed my lesson with everyone
have a great evening see you soon